# 2026-06-15
## Meeting Details
- Where: Virtual
- Who: Vincent, Nick
- When: 6:00 - 7:00

## Discussion Points
**From previous meeting:**

**From Nick:**
- priority/order of drawings and issues in general
- drawings v. coding
- publishing the app on apple and android (setting aside a whole month to get it published) 
  - sign in with apple
  - users need to be able to delete account
  - guest sign-in for features that don't require account
- time and summer task commitments, set a minimum for summer goals

**From Vincent:**
- finalize plans for new combat system
- how will the monster respawn sequence work with the maps
  - timer vs. instant respawn
  - bulk attack for multiple task completing sessions
- finalize plans for the skill tree
- how do we plan on fitting the four different characters into the actual gameplay? 
  - can users switch characters? if yes, when/how? 
  - what are the benefits of one character or another in different situations? 
  - how does progression get transferred from one character to the other?

- setup emulator on Linux machine
- confirm planned priorities
- review new tickets to see if priorities should shift

## Post-Meeting
**Takeaways:**

**Next Step:**

**Action Items:**

## Meeting Content

- how do we plan on fitting the four different characters into the actual gameplay?
  - how complex do we want to make the gameplay?
  - character selection screen when user open the battle page for the first time
  - +/-15 debuff for each elemental map
  - we need to allow users to switch to justify all the effort of making the different characters
  - purely aesthetic switching
  - force character switch to be at a specific

- drawings
  - maps + icon
    - background
  - characters
    - frontal sprite
    - idle animation
    - character icons for selection screen
    - attack button
    - attacks
      - skill tree
      - attack animations
      - attack icons  
  - monsters
    - idle animation 
