# 2026-03-12
## Meeting Details
- Where: FHS-147A
- Who: Vincent, Nick, Rita, Tia, Robin
- When: 2:30 - 2:30, 5:00 - 5:30

## Discussion Points
**From previous meeting:**
- [ ] check-in for Battle80 timeline
    - [ ] how's it going
    - [ ] are we on track
    - [ ] are there any new/existing tasks that need to be re-prioritized
- [x] Settle on a number of sprites for main characters and monsters
- [x] Discuss how we want users to be able to select the main characters
- [x] Finalize look and feel of achievements page
- [x] Brainstorm character and monster designs

**New For This Meeting:**
- [ ] Categorize new feedback by seperating them into 4 categories and prioritizing them
    - Bug, Feature, Quality of Life, Bad UI Design
    - Prioritize from 1-5, 5 being the highest
- [ ] move this week's issues to ready to establish commitments

**From Nick:**

**From Vincent:**
- [ ] Brainstorm combat mechanics
- [ ] brainstorm character usescases
- [ ] Finalize monster fields to create backend schema

## Points to ask clients
- Mention to the clients they can continue to use, test and provide feedback freely
- There may be some downtime over the weekend where certain features don't work while we work on applying some patches that have been stacking
- questions to ask before reviewing their feedback:
    - do they know what the quick task toggle does, did they use it?
    - what is their personal interpretation/system for the priority and effort fields?

### Client Feedback
**From Robin:**
- Known issues
    - [x] When i try to switch back to “No label” after having added one, it does nothing
    - [x] If you complete a daily task it reappears immediately, so you can’t tell by looking if you completed it for the day yet
    - [x] There doesn’t appear to be a way to undo complete. Say i bump a task cuz the phone is small and accidentally complete it, i can’t get it back without recreating it
    - [x] When I try to filter by high priority, nothing shows up even though I had two high priority items.
    - [x] For priority, when you set it it says high medium or low, but it displays as 1 2 or 3, which is confusing.
- New/requires details
    - [x] If you type the title then click plus, it will create a default task, but you can add a title in the + button so the original title box is redundant and frustrating
    - [x] There is no option to repeat on certain days of the week ex. Mondays and Fridays, or to repeat multiple times a day
    - [x] No exit out of creating a new task in the simple task adding option

**From Tia:**
- Known Issues
    - [x] colour coded labels (visually easier to view and organize)
    - [x] show due date on main tasks page
    - [x] be able to re-add a task (clicked completed by accident)
    - [x] when sorting by priority, make the priority order of 1 first then 2
    - [x] having issues with a daily tasks. the task shows up at a random time and sometimes doesn’t show until i refresh it. also if i click completed, it stays there for a while and doesn’t go down to “completed tasks”
- new/requires details
    - [x] would prefer to see the description on the main page if i add a description
    - [x] have different colour codes for different labels, priority, effort
    - [x] default setting of task view is confusing, things due first aren’t at the top
    - [x] i don’t like the default task that gets added when i use the title box at the bottom (that aspect is a bit more confusion/tedious)
- good things
    - [x] really like the way to create tasks, every part is clear and everything needed is there
    - [x] like how the completed tasks are hidden but are still there and strikeout

**From Rita:**
- Known Issues
    - [x] Option to have sub tasks within a larger task (Example for cleaning the house, there would be organizing, wiping, vacuuming, and mopping as sub tasks that work towards 100% completion of the main task).
- new/requires details
    - [x] When u switch out the app, it doesn't save your progress for creating tasks.
    - [x] Preference for visual folders/cascades (similar to outlook) to organize tasks other than just by filters and tags
    - [x] Task completion: daily function doesn't show the date the task was completed. Could be hard to track if you missed a daily.
    - [x] Suggestion for quick tasks: maybe a quick drag select for priority and effort level. It's always default low priority and low effort, but sometimes i want to add a spontaneous important item that needs to be at the top. (Super minor though).
    - [x] User Activity level: I found it a bit hard to stay consistent with using the app, mainly for organizing large quantities of tasks for various different purposes (school, work, personal). It felt a bit demanding to use it as a global task list since it was inconvenient to organize unique tasks based on their nature. A visual categorize feature would be really nice!
    - [x] Calendar/deadline visual feature: for visualizing upcoming deadlines (im not sure if its too similar to outlook though). I find it helpful to see whats upcoming visually, sometimes it helps with urgency 

## Post-Meeting
**Takeaways:**

Tia:
- do they know what the quick task toggle does, did they use it?
    - No
- what is their personal interpretation/system for the priority and effort fields?
    - Priority High is doing an important task (like reading a chapter in a manuel for this week)
    - Priority Low is more doing a task that has a later due date and isnt as important 
    - Effort 5 is something that will take a lot of time to do 
    - Effort 1/2 is something that will take a little amount of time
    - In some cases priority has a affect on effort but not all the time
    - Sees the benefit of having priority and effort seperate.

Rita:
- do they know what the quick task toggle does, did they use it?
    - Yes but didnt use it frequently since she was making a lot of tasks in a row
- what is their personal interpretation/system for the priority and effort fields?
    - Low Priority tasks were chores 
    - Medium Priority were routine things like gyms and were assignments 
    - Effort 1 she wouldnt put it in the app as much because it was quicker to just do the task
    - Effort 5 were long term things like reports and assignments 
    - She can have high priority tasks with low effort
 
Robin:
Tia:
- do they know what the quick task toggle does, did they use it?
    - no
- what is their personal interpretation/system for the priority and effort fields?
    - Priority: high priority is things that would mess up down the line, low priority is things that wont really affect much other things
    - Effort: depends how much they want to do it, also depends on time in some cases, its mostly things they are doing within a day, going to see a friend is a high effort example for them, convenience 

Tia/Rita:
- They would both like to be able to have different colors for labels and sort by label
- They would both like to see the due date on the task modal
- They would like either folders or filtering based off of the labels
- Would like to be able to put multiple labels like a parent/child label
- They would like to add an X in the top corner of the edit task modal to click off
- Would like to be able to see the description on the tasks as a dropdown
- Wouldnt like to be forced to add more fields

## Meeting Content

Frontend: 
- Every modal no matter what should have an X to close
- Update task modal with icons and new display
- Undo task
- Move quick create button to the right side 


