# 2026-03-18
## Meeting Details
- Where: FHS-147A
- Who: Vincent, Nick
- When: 2:30 - 5:30 

## Discussion Points
**From previous meeting:**
- [ ] check-in for Battle80 timeline
    - [ ] how's it going
    - [ ] are we on track

**New for this meeting:**
- [ ] talk about ideas for client appreciations 
    - [ ] custom achievements 
    - [ ] custom monsters

**From Nick:**
- [x] review merged section of issues
- [x] talk about the achievement page
    - [x] how do we want the title dropdown to look
    - [x] what tasks are we adding that are the "basic" ones so I know what to draw
- [x] talk about hero details
- [x] talk about plans for the presentation
    - [x] how much we want to say for each part
    - [x] who's saying what?
    - [x] decide on how the slides should look 
    
**From Vincent:**
- [ ] talk about settings page
- [ ] look at backlog
- [x] talk about recurring task issue
- [x] talk about achievement page (backend progress)

## Points to ask clients

## Post-Meeting
**Takeaways:**
- We aim to finish the next release by Sunday March 29th

## Meeting Content
**Achievements**
Tutorial Achievements:
- Create account/Login for the first time
- Create a first task
- Visit Battle Page (Spawn first monster)
- Complete first task
- Perform first attack

**Presentation**
- Intro/Project Description [2 Slides - 1 Minute] 
- ? Market Research
- Architecture [2 Slides - 2 Minutes]
    - Backend/Frontend/Railway/...
    - Domain Diagram
- Challenges 
    - #1 : Since our idea was original we constantly came up with many ideas we wanted to implement so it took longer than expected. 
    - #2 : The approach we took was very much learning as we go, for example all the tech debt in the backend and the un-organized code on the frontend. We wish we took more time to plan things out since it was our first time doing app developement. 
    - #3 : It was hard to estimate the complexity of certain tasks. We had big ideas like the achievement page but we had a hard time splitting everything out while working on it. Another example was the repeating tasks, since calendars had them we wanted to implement them.
    - #4 : We took a while to decide on the art style and app we wanted to use. We thought that hand drawing on an ipad would work fluidly. We discussed with our clients on how we should approach. We wanted to find a balance of doing the art ourselves but also we knew that my skills weren't the highest. Thats why we settled on pixel art.
    - #5 : For the backend Vincent started off doing the api v1 setup, that was because whenever we make a change to v2 the old version could still be called and used so that its backward compatible but in practice it was a lot harder to implement and still move quickly. There was many times where a change was made in the backend that would break the frontend. The idea was to have api backward compatibility but so far it hasnt worked out and theres still no v2.
    - #6 : It was our first time doing app developement. So it was hard to learn how to use TestFlight and Google play store effectively and properly. It took us 2 months to make the first release to the app store. We failed to plan better for our release and potential crashes with the backend. We didnt do it correctly, release and backend included. We plan to fix our approach over the summer into the fall term.
    - #7 : It took us a long time to do research and learn how to properly do app developement. Learning to use TestFlight, learning how to do things properly, etc.
    - #8 : With having 4 clients, we had many meetings for feedbacks, we didnt expect for all 4 of them to have completely different feedback which made us have to prioritize the feedback and implement the most important fixes. This was also a good thing because we were able to get multiple different opinions on the app which made us help improve the app
    - #9 : Combat system and implementing the equations. the whole process of designing the game. 
- Demo
    - Start off by logging in to the app with a demo account
    - Go to the task page, create a task, then we complete the task, then we show the completed list (mention undo) 
    - Then we go to the Achievements Page
        - Show the tutorial achievements
        - explain that we have a basic list of achievements for now but will be expanded later
        - Claim a badge, give a reward for task completed which gives us the title reward
    - Then click on the title dropdown to show the titles the user has available and select a title 
    - Then we go to the Battle page 
        - Show the hero details section to show the title (and heres where the title is shown) and show off the other details
        - (explain one attack per completion/future plans for different attacks which is one of the things for the fall term which is a more detailed combat system)
        - Click the attack button to show the character attacking the monster
- Future Plans/Conclusion
    - #1 : Add combat system (spells and how mana works) 
    - #2 : Add more characters and monsters
    - #3 : Add to the settings page 
